Just two methods left.
Get one by and update.
In this video we're going to take you to the update method.
So the idea behind this method is that we're going to receive an I.D. and some object that has the new
attribute.
So we want to use to update an existing record.
We're then going to find the appropriate record inside of our array of records.
Update it and then save all that stuff.
Back to our users not just on file.
So let's get to it back inside of my editor right after the delete.
Matthew we just put together or define async update so this will receive arguments of I.T. and adders
and inside of here we're going to first get all of our records and then find the one that we actually
care about.
So I'll say concert records is a wait.
This dot get all and then we will get the record that we care about.
So it will be concert record is record it's not fined we'll iterate over every record.
We're going to look at each one's I.D. and then return the one with an I.D. equal to the idea that was
passed into the update function and you'll notice that the logic that we have right here looks awfully
similar to some of the logic we just put together inside of get one up here.
And so you might be thinking why don't we just reuse the get one function.
Well the reason for that is after we do the update to the record that we just found we have to save
all these records back to the user j some file and the keyword there is save all the records.
So we need to get all the records anyways.
So even though yes we could make use the get one method we still have to call get all at the end of
the day anyhow because we have to have the entire list for when we plan to save it back into the users
not just on file.
So that's why we can't really use or reuse some code from get one to effectively so then after that
I'm gonna check to see if we have found a record if you haven't found a record that means that something
is going very wrong.
And so I'm going to throw it in error to say sorry but we didn't find what you were looking for.
So I'll say if there is not a record let's throw a new error and we'll do some back ticks in here and
say a record with I.D. of I.D. not found not you'll notice.
Another interesting thing here.
We are throwing an area if we didn't find a record that we're trying to update but there are several
other scenarios.
Say once again get one right here where we are not throwing in air.
So if we call get one and we don't find that record we just return presumably undefined or no whatever
records not find returns by default.
So why are we not throwing an error in that case.
Well the reason is when we call get one the kind of implicit understanding is that whoever is calling
get one is going to check to see if we actually found some record.
In other words if you are calling get one if you are a developer who was making use this method it's
kind of up to you to make sure that you actually got what you were expecting to find.
However in the case of updates the kind of implicit understanding here is that we're going to call update
and some record is going to be updated.
That's the understanding.
That's our hope.
If we don't find the records update that means that something is very very wrong.
It means that we just passed in an I.D. to update something that doesn't even exist.
How could we possibly have an I.D. to a record that doesn't exist at all.
So that really indicates that something is very wrong with our code.
And so it's a little bit more appropriate to throw an error in that scenario
OK.
So after that we'll then attempt to update the record we just found to do so I'm going to use the object
dot a sine function.
So I'll say record with adders.
So what does this do.
This is going to take all the different properties and key value pairs inside that adders object and
copy them one by one onto the record object so we can imagine if record is equal to some object like
say email of test at test dot com and adders is some object like password of my password.
We are trying to take all the properties from adders and assign them or copy them over to record.
And so after running that line of code right there we would end up with record being equal to email
of test at test dot com and password of my password.
So again object I assign takes everything from that object right there.
Copies it onto the first argument that this is a very easy way to update all the properties on they're
going to delete those comments really quickly.
Now after we do that update we can take all of our records inside of that records array right.
There is the record we just updated.
So it's going to take that big array of records and write them all back to our Jason File and we can
do that by calling.
That's not right.
All once again so I'll say a wait that's not right.
All with records OK.
Looks good.
It's now as usual.
Time for a quick test to test this.
I'm going to go to my users start Jason File.
Looks like I don't have any users inside of here right now so I don't have to create one very quickly.
So to create a user I'm going to make sure that I call my create method right here down inside my test
function.
So I'm going to do in a wait repo.
Dot create and I'll create a record with an email of test at test dot.com so I'll save this.
I can go back over to my terminal and run that file
if I now go to my Jason File once again I should see the record that was just created.
So now let's try to update this thing.
I'm going to try to call update and add in a password property to it so back inside my test method I'm
going to remove the repo Doc create line and instead do a await repo dot update.
The first argument is going to be the idea of the record that we're trying to update.
So I'll make sure that I go copy that I.D. with the record that was just generated I'll paste it in
as the first argument and then for the second argument I'll put in the update that I want to apply.
So I want to add in a password property with the value of my password and then save this.
Let's go back over rerun our code and then we can go check our user start Jason File once again.
We're going to expect to see a password property with the value of my password.
Awesome.
Looks good.
As one further quick test let's try to update a record with some unknown I.D. or an idea that doesn't
actually exist.
So I'm going to call repo dot update but I'm going to put in a garbage I.D. like so it's now if we save
this and rerun it.
I would expect to see a big error saying that a record was not found and sure enough.
Yep.
I see a record with I.D. one two three not found.
OK so this looks pretty good.
It's now the very last thing we to do is take care of get one by.
That is definitely the hardest method we have to put together.
It's not really that bad.
It's just relatively more challenging than the others.
So quick pause right here.
We'll come back in just a moment and put that thing together.